nrf_cloud shadow processing updates (#13246)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_multi_service` sample:

  * Added:

>     * Generic processing example for application specific shadow data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Generic processing example for application-specific shadow data.
```

    * Automatic selection of proprietary PSM mode when building for the SOC_NRF9161_LACA.
    * Support for bulk transfers to the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_coap_json_message_send` function.

  * Updated:

>     * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_coap_shadow_delta_process` function to include a parameter for application specific shadow data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_coap_shadow_delta_process` function to include a parameter for application-specific shadow data.
```

>     * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_coap_shadow_delta_process` function to process default shadow data added by nRF Cloud that is not used by CoAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_coap_shadow_delta_process` function to process default shadow data added by nRF Cloud, which is not used by CoAP.
```

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

  * Added:

    * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_credentials_configured_check` function to check if credentials exist based on the application's configuration.
    * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_obj_object_detach` function to get an object from an object.

>     * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_obj_shadow_update` function to update the device's shadow with the data in an :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_obj` structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_obj_shadow_update` function to update the device's shadow with the data from an :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_obj` structure.
```

>     * A :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_obj_shadow_data` structure to the :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_evt` structure for use during shadow update events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * An :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_obj_shadow_data` structure to the :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_evt` structure to be used during shadow update events.
```
